#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   realtime
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
alembic==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   postgrest
flasgger==0.9.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-cors==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-genai
google-genai==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gotrue==2.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   supabase
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
h2==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-genai
    #   gotrue
    #   postgrest
    #   storage3
    #   supabase
    #   supafunc
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
mako==1.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
mistune==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecation
    #   flasgger
    #   gunicorn
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.11.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
postgrest==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   supabase
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-genai
    #   gotrue
    #   postgrest
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
python-bidi==0.6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   realtime
    #   storage3
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
realtime==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   supabase
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-genai
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
storage3==0.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   supabase
strenum==0.4.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   supafunc
supabase==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
supafunc==0.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   supabase
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   google-genai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   realtime
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
websockets==14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-genai
    #   realtime
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
